hello welcome to New York Oh King if
you've watched my previous videos I've
prepared pickled green chili barbecue
pop which is also known as chassis oh
and also won ton soup and the next video
the next recipe has to come this is one
kind of those so we have two different
kinds of wonton noodles in Malaysia one
is a dry version and the other is the
supervision so the soup version is
basically wonton soup and you just add
the noodles into the soup and as for the
dry version I am going to show you how
to prepare this and assemble everything
together with your chest you pick a
green chili and of course the one ton
because we don't want and it will not be
one ton noodles so let's get started and
look at the ingredients to provide a
source of the nurse will need these
ingredients so I have a bit of salt and
sugar just for taste and then two cloves
of garlic which I've just chopped
roughly and two tablespoons of oil two
tablespoons of dark soy sauce 1 teaspoon
of light soy sauce and 1 teaspoon of
ketchup - and also one teaspoon of
sesame oil so those are the ingredients
for the sauce and as for the notice I've
spit some egg noodles and these are
fresh so I found this at the Asian
market and it's not always that we get
this kind of noodles this is freshly
made and they cannot be kept for so many
days to add some greenery to your
noodles
using choice them and they are always
two little yellow flowers of it so those
are the one that you're looking for of
course you can also replace it with a
very tough try if you want but for this
dish usually we use choice them we will
first work with the garlic first and
this is where we are going to prepare
the garlic oil so pour the oil into the
hot wok and then add the garlic in all
we want is just all infused with garlic
so using the same wok do not need to
clean it I am just going to add water
and this is supposed to boil this is
where we are going to add the vegetables
in so just add in the stems because they
take longer to cook 20 seconds later you
can add the vegetables to put everything
in vegetables do not take long to cook
so we just need to just blanch them with
hot water and as you see now the color
has changed a little a slightly darker
green the next step that we are going to
do is to click the noodles so while this
is cooking for two minutes I'm just
going to add all the topsoil sauce soy
sauce some sesame oil
in Chapman is one tablespoon of water
because all the sauces are slightly tip
so you won't want everything to be
watery and that's why the added costs
water and some salt and sugar so put the
sauce on low heat early we prepared some
garlic oil pour the garlic oil in it
you wouldn't want garlic pieces just the
oil and then give it a good stir this is
we're just going to add the noodles in
it it goes onto the plate again this
time is when we assemble everything
after setting your vegetables you would
have caused me to have your chassis on
top of it one time noodles will not be
complete without one and so when we have
one turn you loose in Malaysia we must
have pickled green chili
this is the one can notice that you can
get in Malaysia we call it the dry
winter noodles is exceptionally
delicious now I hope that you enjoyed
this video remember to subscribe to my
channel if you have not you want to
watch more recipes like this I will show
you in the next few videos so remember
to also share it with your friends and
family give me a thumbs up if you liked
this recipe write me your comments in
the comment section below also on
Twitter Facebook I love to get from here
to there happy cooking 200 your visa and